Comrade Lim!
Eung-cheol!
Careful.
My eardrums ruptured.
But it's temporary!
Temporary!
That's a relief!
The partition
must've blocked the blast.
The hostages are
in the prayer room, right?
I keep being a burden to you.
I'm so ashamed, Comrade.
That's not true!
You must be hungry.
Is there anything you want to eat?
Oh, something I want to eat?
I think a bowl of chicken soup
will heal me. No, it's okay!
Wait just a moment. I'll get it for you!
No. It's okay!
A camcorder?
They want to see
if all 34 of the hostages are safe.
So Nam Tae-il said
he'll send a camcorder in.
I'll make sure
your true identity doesn't get leaked.
Let them send it in.
But,
don't bring Han-na in.
But it must be Jang Han-na.
I clearly warned you.
I…
am the leader,
and my men's lives depend on me.
Even if I end up being punished
for doubting the party,
I must find out the truth.
Must you?
Answer me!
You bastard. Are you joking with me?
Send Han-na in with a camcorder.
I'll film all 34 of them.
Han-na?
She was caught with Reporter Gal.
Wait, Han-na is not
at the scene right now.
I'll send in another agent.
No. If you want to check their safety,
send in Han-na.
Listen to this guy.
Do you have a thing for her or something?
In 30 minutes, I'll be at the shrine.
In 30 minutes? That's not going to happen!
Give me an hour.
In return, make sure to film Dr. Kang.
Got it?
He hung up on me again. God, this bastard.
I hate this guy.
Han-na!
Han-na, wait!